README.md, before:

# messagebird-async

MessageBird is a service for sending SMS at its core https://www.messagebird.com/

## Features

Currently the planned features only include to send SMS and query SMS stati.

There are no immediate plans to support the Voice or Conversation API, if you feel like doing the work, I am happy to review PRs and integrate.

## RoadMap

 - [x] serde impl for all relevant datatypes
 - [ ] roundtrip decode encode tests
 - [ ] future for SMS sending and retrieval based on [hyper.rs](https://hyper.rs)
 - [ ] send SMS example
 - [ ] future for querying SMS
 - [ ] useful examples using [tokio](https://tokio.rs) as executor
 - [ ] future for callback on SMS reception

## License

MIT or Apache-2.0

If neither of those works for you, feel free to request so via a github issue.

## Affiliation/Sponsoring

Since I am not affiliated with MessageBird in any kind (other than being their customer)
I'd be delighted to if you'd leave a tipp

[![LiberaPayButton](https://liberapay.com/assets/widgets/donate.svg)](https://liberapay.com/drahnr/donate)

Commit message:

feat/serde_plain: use serde_plain for FromStr/ToString impls, fix a few discrepancies between basic.rs and objs

README.md, after:

# messagebird-async

MessageBird is a service for sending SMS at its core https://www.messagebird.com/

## Features

Currently the planned features only include to send SMS and query SMS stati.

There are no immediate plans to support the Voice or Conversation API, if you feel like doing the work, I am happy to review PRs and integrate.

## RoadMap

 - [x] serde impl for all relevant datatypes
 - [ ] roundtrip decode encode tests
 - [ ] use [`crate eserde_plain`](https://docs.rs/serde_plain/0.3.0/serde_plain/) for `trait ToString` and `trait FromStr` for objects which are used in filters
 - [ ] future for SMS sending and retrieval based on [hyper.rs](https://hyper.rs)
 - [ ] send SMS example
 - [ ] future for querying SMS
 - [ ] useful examples using [tokio](https://tokio.rs) as executor
 - [ ] future for callback on SMS reception

## License

MIT or Apache-2.0

If neither of those works for you, feel free to request so via a github issue.

## Affiliation/Sponsoring

Since I am not affiliated with MessageBird in any kind (other than being their customer)
I'd be delighted to if you'd leave a tipp

[![LiberaPayButton](https://liberapay.com/assets/widgets/donate.svg)](https://liberapay.com/drahnr/donate)
